Terms and Conditions
Your use of the eVidyarthi website and its mobile app are governed by these terms and conditions (the “Terms”). You will be bound by these terms when you proceed to use this Website. eVidyarthi is the sole creator and operator of eVidyarthi Definitions

 

Definitions

Courses/modules: Textual and graphical aid(s) to learning

Items Purchased: All non-courses that are available for purchase

Course Provider: A third party provider of the course material

Materials: Courses provided by authors (“Third Party Providers”)

Members(s): Registered Users

 

Course Copyright

All materials are copyrighted: You may not copy, photocopy or reproduce this material in any form without the permission of the Provider. Illegal action will lead to prosecution.
All trademarks, service marks, products or services are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders and are acknowledged by the authors.

 

Limitation of Liability

Our training website or the course provider cannot be held legally responsible for any mistakes in printing or faulty instructions contained within this manual as every effort has been made ensuring the complete and accurate information presented.

Information in this manual is subject to change without notice.

Data, company and other names used in examples and case scenarios are fictitious unless otherwise mentioned.
Neither the author, publisher nor our training website shall be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages arising out of the use or inability to use the contents of this manual

 

Refunds Policy

Customer support must receive all requests for refunds, replacements, and adjustments via email or an online request within 7 days after purchase. Refunds, replacements, adjustments will be considered for:
Technical problems from the side of the service provider resulting in you not being able to view courseware. This does not include technical problems arising from your computer/software being faulty, not being compatible, etc.
Customer support must receive written notification of the problem and be given the opportunity to fix the problem in order for a refund, replacement or adjustment to be considered.
Refunds/Replacements/Adjustments will NOT be considered for:

 

Slow performance. The course material is designed to perform best with broadband connections. However, we have no control over Internet bandwidth, which can affect performance, causing brief delays in the download speeds for the courses and display of the web pages.

 

Reduction in subscription duration or downgrading of course access. While we are happy to renew subscriptions, we do not offer refunds for accounts that have been partially or not used in any way.

We highly recommend that you view the sample courses and view the course outlines (provided in the course list) before placing an order. By doing so, you can make sure that the course that you want to buy meets your expectations.

 

General Use Restrictions

All information, documents, products, software, and services (the “Materials”) provided on this Website were provided by or to the Website their respective authors (the “Third Party Providers”) and are the copyrighted work of eVidyarthi and/or the Third Party Providers. Except as stated herein, none of the Materials may be copied, reproduced, distributed or republished in any form or by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the prior express written permission of the eVidyarthi website or the Third Party Provider.

No part of the Website, including logos, graphics, or images, may be reproduced or retransmitted in any way, or by any means, without the prior express written permission of eVidyarthi. You also may not, without the prior express written permission from eVidyarthi, “mirror” any Material contained on this Website on any other server.

Nothing on this Website shall be construed as conferring any license or permission under any of eVidyarthi or any Third Party Provider’s intellectual property rights, whether by implication, or otherwise. You acknowledge sole responsibility for obtaining any such permission.

Permission is granted to display and download eVidyarthi materials on this Website provided that: (1) the Materials are viewed by Adobe Reader/Viewer, (2) the use of such Materials is solely for personal, non-commercial and informational use and will not be copied or posted on any networked computer or broadcast in any media, and (3) no modifications of any of the Materials are made. This permission terminates automatically without notice if you breach any of these terms or conditions. Upon termination, you will immediately destroy any downloaded and printed Materials.

Any unauthorized use of any Materials contained on this Website may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.

 

Membership Restrictions

Each member to the Website is granted a unique user ID and password which is used to gain access to the materials therein. Under NO circumstances whatsoever may any registered user share or distribute their user IDs or passwords to third parties. Any breach of this term will result in the immediate suspension of the account and no refund will take place.

Members with printable rights are granted permission to produce a single (one) hard copy of each training course for their own use only. Members without printable rights must under NO circumstances whatsoever print, duplicate or reprint the courseware contained within.

Under NO circumstances whatsoever shall members distribute the courseware contained within this site. Each course is individually licensed and any member found in breach of this term shall have their account suspended immediately.

 

Minimum System Requirements

Members are required to have an installed working version of Adobe Acrobat Reader version 5 or above and appropriate software, as indicated for the course.

Members are required to have an installed working copy of Microsoft Internet Explorer version 4 or above or Google Chrome or above web browser. The web pages are not guaranteed to display in any other format

 

Third Party Content Disclaimer

Courses provided by Third Party Providers have not been independently authenticated in whole or in part by the eVidyarthi website.

The Website is committed to respecting others intellectual property rights, and we ask our users to do the same. The Website may, in its sole discretion, remove providers’ courses that may infringe or otherwise violate others intellectual property rights.

an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner;
a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;

a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on our Website; your address, telephone number, and email address so that we can contact you; a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;

a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the information in your notice to us is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.

The Website’s Copyright Officer for notice of claims of copyright infringement on our Website can be reached by using the Contact Us link at the top of each page.

 

Links To Third Party Sites

This Website may be linked to other Websites which are not under the control of and are not maintained by the eVidyarthi training website. The eVidyarthi training website is not responsible for the content of those sites. The eVidyarthi training website is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link to such sites does not imply endorsement by the Website of those sites.

 

Disclaimer Of Warranty

Unless otherwise explicitly stated, the materials on the website are provided “as is”, and are for registered members use only, and all express or implied conditions, representations, and warranties, including any implied warranty of fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement, are disclaimed, except to the extent that such disclaimers are held to be legally invalid. The Website makes no representations, warranties, guarantees as to the quality, suitability, truth, accuracy or completeness of any of the courses contained on the Website. Any questions regarding the courses should be directed to the providers of such courses.

 

Limitation Of Liability

The Website shall not be liable for any damages suffered as a result of using, copying, distributing, or downloading the courses. In no event shall the Website be liable for any indirect, punitive, special, incidental, or consequential damage (including loss of business, revenue, profits, use, data or other economic advantage) however it arises, whether for breach or in tort, even if the Website has been previously advised of the possibility of such damage.
You have sole responsibility for adequate protection and backup of data and/or equipment used in connection with the website and will not make a claim against the Website for lost data, re-run time, inaccurate instruction, work delays or lost profits resulting from the use of the courses.
You agree to hold the Website harmless from, and you covenant not to sue the Website for, any claims based on using the Website.

 

General

This Website could include inaccuracies or typographical errors. eVidyarthi and the Third Party Providers may make improvements and/or changes in the courses described in this Website at any time without notice. Changes are periodically made to the Website.

These Terms represent the entire understanding relating to the use of the Website and prevail over any prior or contemporaneous, conflicting or additional, communications. The eVidyarthi.in website can revise these Terms at any time without notice by updating this posting.
